Add alt text to image (#20185)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/api/htmlimageelement/naturalheight/index.md

```html
<div class="box">

>   <img src="/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Element/img/clock-demo-400px.png" class="image" alt="A simple wall clock">

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  <img src="/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Element/img/clock-demo-400px.png" class="image" alt="A round wall clock with a white dial and black numbers">
```
